Improving docs on entry points creation (#2249)
terrapower/armi: doc/developer/entrypoints.rst

    python path/to/myapp do-my-thing --post-process settingsFile.yaml

.. tip:: The settings file will be read into a ``Settings`` object. This ``Settings`` object will be passed widely
    around the code. Please do not edit these settings during a run. The idea of "run settings" is a lot simpler to
    understand when they don't change. And such changes tend to hide data from other developers.

Every ``ArmiPlugin`` can subclass the ``defineEntryPoints`` method. This is the place to add all your entry points. ARMI
comes with an extensive :py:class:`~armi.cli.EntryPointsPlugin` that comes with several CLI entry points that you will
want. It is important to note that if you are building your own ARMI ``Application``, if you do not include the
``EntryPointsPlugin``, you will not have these entry points. But that is fine if you do not want them or if only want

> some of them you can build your own list in a custom ``defineEntryPoints`` method.

Reviewer: The last sentence needs a little grammar love here. But also I have questions!

I have experience with an app that only defines `defineEntryPoints` and those entrypoints subclass ARMI's `EntryPoint`. So it doesn't have the `EntryPoint` plugin registered. That app does have access to ARMI's `run` entrypoint via `<app> run`. So i'm not sure what you're saying here is true (unsure if that's a bug, I'm misunderstanding what you're saying, or something else)

Reviewer: Ah Ok since we do `from armi.apps import App; MyApp(App)` we get this registered. Cool cool. Ok I'll resolve this then go suggest some rewording in this paragraph

> Every ``ArmiPlugin`` can subclass the ``defineEntryPoints`` method. This is the place to add all your entry points. ARMI
> comes with an extensive :py:class:`~armi.cli.EntryPointsPlugin` that comes with several CLI entry points that you will
> want. It is important to note that if you are building your own ARMI ``Application``, if you do not include the
> ``EntryPointsPlugin``, you will not have these entry points. But that is fine if you do not want them or if only want
> some of them you can build your own list in a custom ``defineEntryPoints`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add entry points, ``ArmiPlugin``s can subclass the ``defineEntryPoints`` method. ARMI
has an extensive :py:class:`~armi.cli.EntryPointsPlugin` that comes with several CLI entry points. 
It is important to note that if you are building your own ARMI ``Application``, the
``EntryPointsPlugin`` must be registered to access these entry points either by registration in the application or 
subclassing :py:class:`~armi.apps.App`. If you do not want them or if only want
some of them you can build your own list in a custom ``defineEntryPoints`` method.
```

You may want to do this yourself (1) because you may only want a part of these edits and (2) the formatting could be weird , but here's some thoughts on rewording this.

    python path/to/myapp do-my-thing --post-process settingsFile.yaml

.. tip:: The settings file will be read into a ``Settings`` object. This ``Settings`` object will be passed widely
    around the code. Please do not edit these settings during a run. The idea of "run settings" is a lot simpler to
    understand when they don't change. And such changes tend to hide data from other developers.

To add entry points, ``ArmiPlugin``s can subclass the ``defineEntryPoints`` method. ARMI
has an extensive :py:class:`~armi.cli.EntryPointsPlugin` that comes with several CLI entry points. 
It is important to note that if you are building your own ARMI ``Application``, the
``EntryPointsPlugin`` must be registered to access these entry points either by registration in the application or 

> subclassing :py:class:`~armi.apps.App`. If you do not want them or if only want
> some of them you can build your own list in a custom ``defineEntryPoints`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subclassing :py:class:`~armi.apps.App`. If you do not want them or if you only want
some of them you can build your own list in a custom ``defineEntryPoints`` method.
```

Ah dangit I missed the grammar thing that started the whole edit in the first place
